ADD: Documentation for Inventory Module and Closeable Menu (#180)
ink-inc/MagicMittelalterGame: doc/developer_guide/Inventory/Inventory.adoc

=== Responsibility

> Inventory handels the management of inventory items and includes basic delegate methods for link: InventoryDisplay.adoc[InventoryDisplay].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inventory handles the management of inventory items and includes basic delegate methods for link:InventoryDisplay.adoc[InventoryDisplay].
```

Picking up items is done by calling the method `Pickup(link:InventoryItem.adoc[InventoryItem])` from (for example) an link:../Interaction/Interactable.adoc[Interactable].

> The method checks, if picking up the new item would exceed the `SlotLimit` or `WeightLimit`, and deny the Pickup if so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method checks if picking up the new item would exceed the `SlotLimit` or `WeightLimit`, and denies the pickup if it does.
```

> Removing/Dropping items can be done by calling `Remove(link:InventoryItem.adoc[InventoryItem] <,bool>)`. The boolean value = `true` can be used to destroy the link: InventoryItem.adoc[InventoryItem]s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removing/Dropping items can be done by calling `Remove(link:InventoryItem.adoc[InventoryItem] [,bool])`. Passing `true` to the optional boolean parameter will destroy the link:InventoryItem.adoc[InventoryItem]'s
```

> game object upon Removal from inventory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
game object upon removal from the inventory.
```

> The inventory is automatically refreshed after Pickup/Removing an link: InventoryItem.adoc[InventoryItem].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The inventory is automatically refreshed after pickup/removing an link:InventoryItem.adoc[InventoryItem].
```

=== Responsibility

> Inventory handles the management of inventory items and includes basic delegate methods for link: InventoryDisplay.adoc[InventoryDisplay].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Inventory handles the management of inventory items and includes basic delegate methods for link:InventoryDisplay.adoc[InventoryDisplay].
```
